The title of my book report is Of Mice and Men wrote by John Steinbeck, he was born on February 27, 1902.
He was awarded the Nobel prize for literature and has written around 16 books.
This book was published by Pascal Covivi in 1937
And it's type of fiction is tragedy fiction.
The setting takes place at a ranch in Soledad, California in 1937 during the great depression, when people were seeking jobs.
This story is about two very close friends George and Lennie, dreaming about owning a ranch together.
Until one day, they gain a new friend named Candy, who worked on the same farm they did.
Candy had some extra money saved and had a missing hand.
Because Candy had a missing hand, he was treated poorly on the farm.
Together Candy, Lennie and George soon realized that their dreams of owning a ranch could actually become reality if they all pooled their money together.
All three of them living on a ranch together seemed too good to be true.
And indeed it was, because later on in the story, Lennie got into trouble at the farm they worked at.
Lennie had touched the hair of a woman working on the farm which lead to conflict between Lennie and workers on the farm.
This caused Lennie to flee the farm, and caused other workers on the farm to hunt Lennie down.
Now the workers believe that George helped Lennie with his horrid act.
So, George now has to help the workers find Lennie and kill him so that the workers know he didn't help Lennie commit his horrendous act.
However, George must get to Lennie first to kill him or else the other workers will kill him in a torturous way.
So the protagonist of the story is Lennie, a 33-year-old man who travels with his friend George everywhere he goes.
George made a promise to protect Lennie.
While Lennie has a dream of starting a ranch with George and wants to tend rabbits.
Though Lennie is 33 he has trouble recalling past events and basically has the mentality of a child while being stuck inside a strong 33-year-old man's body.
He is also a migrant worker and likes to touch soft things as he is pleased whenever he receives the silky smooth feel of an item.
The antagonist of the story would be George.
His age is somewhere between his late 20's and his early 30's.
He is a migrant worker and is friends with Lennie whom he promised that he'd protect.
Ever since Lennie's aunt died, Lennie just started following George everywhere he went, as he knew he would be protected and safe by his side.
George cares for Lennie a lot and would do anything for him.
The point of view of this story is Third person omniscient and objective
This story has a gloomy mood, thanks to the year it takes place in, and also because of the situations the main characters in the story had to go through.
In the story Candy, a handicapped old man symbolizes that those who are weak, old or handicapped are usually forgotten and thrown to the ground in society.
Lennie's character also helps support this statement as he has a mental disability and probably wouldn't have made it this far in life without the help of George.
Another example of symbolism in this story would be the mice presented in this story.
Throughout the story, Lennie is always petting these creatures because they were soft.
However, he always ends up killing the vulnerable mice.
Because of this the mice soon become a false hope for Lennie.
The mice in the story represent the cruel fate of destiny.
And like mice, this can also happen to humans.
Certain actions brought on by people can change someone's life drastically.
For example in the story when Lennie made one major mistake, it changed George's, Candy's and all the workers on the farm lives forever.
One of my favorite passages from the story is "If them other guys gets in jail they can rot for all anybody gives a damn.
But not us." Lennie replies "But not us!" Because...
because I got you to look after me, and you got me to look after you, and that's why." I enjoy this passage as it helps the reader understand the strong friendship that Lennie and George has.
This also helps to make certain passages in the book more emotional for the reader.
It helps symbolize how far their friendship as migrant workers have come, always helping each other to stay out of trouble.
Most migrant workers don't have friends as they leave friends and family behind to find money.
But really this will fill them with loneliness, and they'll never find true happiness.
I would recommend this story to my mom because she enjoys sad stories, she is always able to find a time of serenity in the passages of these sad stories.
I enjoyed the book as it has a strong emotional effect on the reader.
The author was able to make the reader attached to the characters of the book.
I also liked the book as it was suspenseful and painted pictures in my mind.
I believe that others should read this book as it explores the flaws of society back then during the early and late 1900's, in which many of these flaws are still present in today's society.
The story also has a very interesting plot, and the characters have unique personalities.
The plot isn't too complex and it's easy to understand.
If you liked gloomy books such as the "Book Thief" or "The Cay" then this book would definitely be for you.
Though it does have a gloomy mood, there are enjoyable mellow moods that the reader is able to experience throughout the book.
The theme of the story is that humans need each other to survive.
In the story, Lennie would not have a future if he didn't have George, and George wouldn't have a goal in life if it weren't for Lennie.
Throughout the story, many characters have profound feelings of loneliness.
The book also teaches the importance of companionship, you mustn't leave friends or family behind, without them you would be nothing, bringing us back to the fact that humans need each other to survive.
I woke up, my greasy hair slicked to the side, and with a single sweep of the arm I opened the curtains to reveal a violet purple sky, shining into the stark depths of my room.
Yet something was missing, though the sky was a beautiful presence, it was somehow dull.
But I pushed that thought aside and continued on with my daily routine.
Sitting at a table I ate my soggy, bland, clumped up cereal and walked back up into my room where I began to take note, the feeling of dissatisfaction and guilt which propagated through my mind.
And Like waves generated from a drop of water, so too did my feeling oscillate, switching from calm to irritated states of mind.
Why? Why was I feeling such guilt? Why was I lost?
Suddenly, a ring echoed throughout the thin brown walls of my room, a sound I haven't heard in months.
At the doorstep, familiar silhouettes were casted as the light shone through the warped glass stained windows.
Creaking, I opened the door to see my friends staring at me like dogs.
I gawked at them, tense, yet relieved, I haven't seen them in a while, and my overexaggerated worries of Covid-19 were still flooding my mind.
Despite this, I swept those thoughts aside, with great excited strides fuelled by high fructose teenage foods, I pushed my bike out of the garage.
Standing there with dirt coagulated on its shimmering gears and deflated tires, I hopped on the leathery seat jubilantly and I pedaled with the force of a thousand waves, just enough to overcome its tires' increased friction.
Wind brushed alongside my face, making its way between my moist mask and filling my nostrils with the smell of petrichor.
We made it past the hump of smooth road right in front of my house.
Blessed with the forces of the earth, we let gravity propel us forward as water from last night's rainfall splattered our backs, melting away the mud on our bikes.
With towering trees surrounding us providing us with a minty pine smell, we sat at a bench, splintered by the constant chewing of the elements.
Taking in the breeze, we began to talk about our home endeavors.
My friends talked about all sorts of activities to keep them occupied, computing science, piano, and art.
They had taken up hobbies during the lockdown, while I had just slouched over in my stiff bedroom chair browsing the internet.
Finally they asked me about what I had done during the lockdown.
Fumbling my words, I tried to create a lie so as to not bring shame to myself, but it was no use.
Lies would simply deepen my sense of regret and guilt of not taking advantage of the precious time gifted to me.
With a disappointing tone, my voice cracked as I told them about the poor use I made of my time.
I realized how low I had dropped, how unfulfilled I was.
And it was this, whetted by a question one of my friends asked me which finally led me to realize why there was a gaping hole in my heart.
"Are your parents not disappointed in you?" Reflecting hard on the past couple of months, I realized how far I had dragged myself away from my family and friends, isolating myself in an illusionary prison of iron bars.
Awkwardly ignoring his question, we headed up to a local gas station to fuel ourselves up with slurpees which shimmering ice crystals slowly melted away in the sun.
Our meetup came to an end, and as my friends headed back home, I headed back home too, content that I had ended my isolation, yet irritated by my feeling of self-reproach.
When I got home, I sat in my chair, recalling the meetup I had with my friends.
However, as my thoughts settled, I was overwhelmed with sadness, too dejected to make any changes to my current unproductive routine.
Luckily, the summer was coming to a close, and a month later I was standing in front of the concrete steps of Ernest Manning.
Entering the building, I coated my hands in a thick slimy sanitizer which stung my nose with a stench of rotten garbage.
The crowd bustled around me, shoulders brushing past mine.
With a surprising amount of noses peeping above the sky blue surgery masks, soon Jason Kenny announced that we would be locked up and isolated from any social interaction once again.
That day eventually came, and I was in my chair once again, with feelings of guilt, regret, self-reproach and sadness flooding my head.
Already, I was overwhelmed with these feelings.
Where would I be a month from now if I let these feelings run loose? Contemplating deeply, I made a decision to pick up a new hobby.
And just like how a deadly forest fire creates life, I used these negative feelings as motivation to finally fill the gap in my heart.
I woke up, my greasy hair slicked to the side, and with a single sweep of the arm I opened the curtains to reveal a violet purple sky, shining alluringly into the stark depths of my room.
The sky was a beautiful presence, waking me from my perpetual drowsiness.
Sitting at a table I ate my soggy, bland, clumped up cereal and walked back up into my room where I pulled out a piece of paper.
And with unified motions of my hand, wrist, and shoulders, I let my hand dance across the sheet.
Slowly, the lines merged together, revealing a portrait of a woman, a violet in her hand.
The connectome of humanity is powered by circuits and technology.
As I entered high school, my few days of enjoying the blue skies were immediately replaced by blue screens as a result of the pandemic, becoming a nocturnal night owl wrapped in my nest of blankets.
In the day, I slumped over on my desk, opening up Google docs and letting the rhythmic clicks of the keyboard fill the air as I worked through my daily monotony of classes.
I was trapped in an infinite "for-loop" of studying and sleeping as the days blended together.
I craved a sense of unity, searching for a way to connect with the world in an era of disconnect.
In the digital age, social media is the foundational circuitry of society.
It was unfathomable how many youth were similarly struggling with isolation-driven depression, anxiety, and academic difficulty, as the severity of the mental health crises rose over the nation.
Especially, the need for educational support is even more essential to students during the pandemic, where financial instability, mental health concerns, and physical restrictions already impair learning.
I grew indignant at the lack of student support that was offered in my school community, as both staff and students struggled to adjust to a new mode of living.
In order to mitigate the feelings of isolation many youth experienced throughout quarantine, I created a virtual study space organization through custom-coded scripts hosted on a Discord Server.
As the membership grew, I created specific channels to provide structural organization to the group, directing and facilitating rooms for independent studying, tutoring, sharing of creative works, networking, and casual conversations.
Being able to facilitate and manage a self-guided community instilled me with essential skills in leadership, organization, and communication.
My passion for computer science inspired me to implement extensions and plugins to the platform through music, special effects, or aesthetic changes.
As the community blossomed, I gained great insight and resilience towards adversity, realizing that taking the initiative to foster human connection and a network of mutual support was ultimately the key to creating meaningful impact in society.
The supportive community of students spanned across the globe, utilizing online platforms to break barriers in communication.
The world was just a keystroke away, and I'm evermore determined to create diverse connections with the world through technology.
Gaining momentum, my fascination with the ways in which technology could connect the world intersected with my passion for gaming and video game development.
As our virtual community grew, we connected with each other through gaming, and I realized that despite its reputation among older generations, it was impossible to ignore the profound impacts on sociality and contributions on fostering human connections that this simple joy can have.
Game development has been my devoted passion since childhood, now returning to bring others the same happiness.
In tandem with my computer science courses, I began to hone my skills in software and video game development by implementing custom Java and Javascript algorithms to develop 3 platformer games over quarantine to share with my community in hopes of bridging the gaps of connections through my personal passion.
Most importantly, game development has tethered me to my artistic spirit.
As a star-struck teen inspired by the vibrant and fantastical artworks on Instagram, my desire to make immersive and mystical art blossomed through my isolation.
In order to develop fundamental skills in contemporary artistic interfaces, I participated in online design workshops and self-taught skills in Adobe Photoshop, Sketchbook, and GIMP, mastering essential technical skills in character and concept design.
Furthermore, I was interested in using 3-D modelling to bring my ideas to life, working through tutorials and becoming well-versed in using Blender and Autocad to create open-source object assets and environmental features.
I incorporate my pervasive love for graphic design and animation into creating custom character sprites and environmental backgrounds for each of my game development projects.
The pervasive feelings of numbness and apathy slowly disappeared as my world was saturated by vibrant hues of colors.
My experiences have shaped me into a creative, mature, and hard-working individual with a strong work ethic.
As I pursue a future in computer science, I hope to share my passion for connecting society through innovation and invention in technological systems.
While dissecting the two sources introduced we should initially comprehend their interconnected associations with historical globalization, which is the procedure of the world being bound together economically, financially and culturally.
Source one censures the Europeans for their powerlessness to see the perspective of the native people while source two reprimands the diminish of native culture because of residential schools.
These sources are two instances of historical globalization as they have moulded the notoriety of Canada alongside different nations all over the globe through the manner in which we've treated the natives before.
Accordingly, these occasions are raised in the current day to help our country just as others to comprehend present-day circumstances so we can manage them with minimal negative outcomes.
The first source criticizes Europeans for their eurocentrism.
In the poem, the speaker emphasizes this point by describing the "new-caught" people as "Sullen peoples, Half devil and half child".
The speaker would agree that they couldn't see the world from the angle of the native people that they were criticizing in light of the fact that they saw their own lifestyle as superior.
The speaker not only dislikes the Europeans for reviewing the natives as lesser than themselves but also for surveying blacks as lesser in physical and mental quality.
In the poem, it states to "Send forth the best ye breed" which has solid racist meanings.
In those days blacks were looked down upon in the public arena and were given unequal treatment.
Furthermore, when the poem says to "Send forth the best ye breed" the speaker would agree that they unquestionably wouldn't send forward any blacks.
A model in this day and age that would conflict with the speaker's position would be the bigotry towards asian looking individuals due to the coronavirus.
As the COVID-19 virus spread all through the world, demonstrations of brutality towards asian individuals have developed.
This is related to how Europeans looked down on other people who weren't the same race or ethnicity as them, presently, some people now look down on chinese individuals as they have a fortified belief system that they are "grimy" and "unhygienic".
It's clear now that the speaker is derisive towards any demonstration of discrimination because of ethnicity or skin colour.
In source two we see a hatchet marked "native culture" being decimated by a pencil sharpener named "Residential Schools".
We can see here that the speaker is alluding to Residential Schools which were built up to assimilate indigenous kids into a predominant culture.
The speaker is fixated on the pessimistic impacts of Residential Schools believing that it has in truth, reduced the number of aboriginal individuals who partake in their cultural societies almost assimilating them into a "dominant" ideology.
It's unmistakable that the speaker would concur how Canada's government has removed the lifestyle for some native people groups.
As a result, a loss of identity has occurred for certain individuals.
The speaker believes that due to the loss of aboriginal cultural identities, some indigenous communities have lost a sense of belonging in society thereby negatively impacting their overall well-being.
The source believes that as an ever-increasing amount of individuals from native communities willingly assimilate into various cultures, it adds to the breakdown of their cultures and native individuals' abilities to add to their cultural communities.
Correspondingly like source one, it appears as though the formation of residential schools was essentially because Canada's government believed that native culture couldn't adjust to modernizing society which would relate back to the idea that one culture was better than the other.
One occurrence which would conflict with the speaker's belief system would be the account of Chanie Wenjack.
As Chanie Wenjack was enlisted into a residential school, he realized how abusive the instructors were.
Wanting to keep his culture and return back to his family, he escaped from the school however died from exposure to the weather while returning home.
Here the speaker would not agree with how the instructors in Residential schools treated the native children as they abused them physically and mentally, something that wouldn't occur in a non-residential school.
The source is fixed on the belief system that coercively assimilating anyone into a specific culture isn't right.
As we compare the two sources with each other, we can see that the primary reason these issues emerged was because of the idea that one culture was superior to the other.
It was the issues that the two sources raised which formed the manner in which society is today.
Through historical globalization, we see how endeavours to unify the world has contrarily affected native individuals in both Canada and America.
The two speakers want a world which accepts cultures and is likewise connected culturally across the globe.
A point of view that both sources support would be the conviction that race and ethnicity don't impact your mental or physical capacities.
One occasion which would go against the speaker's perspectives would be when a white supremacist attempted to torch a jewish nursing home.
It's clear here that some individuals despite all evidence, still believe that they are better than others on account of their race, which the two speakers would concur isn't correct.
The two sources agree on the need for the general public to submerge itself in the cultures of others while not discriminating against others in light of their race, sex, ethnicity or cultures.
The speakers would agree this would guarantee the fall of hate crimes in our societies.
At long last, we should acknowledge we are completely associated through globalization.
Activities of individuals over the world influence us politically, economically and culturally.
It's dependent upon us to look past the physical appearance of individuals and understand that we are no different inside.
We should treat individuals equally to guarantee that our actions won't influence individuals over the globe contrarily.
As we look at both sources presented, we are able to see their contradicting relationships with each other.
Source one illustrates the problem with the secularism law in Quebec while source two states the rights of equality which every Canadian citizen is entitled to.
This is a direct result of social globalization which is the sharing of ideas, information and cultures within countries.
It causes not only conflict between communities to arise but will also affect certain aspects of political globalization, the integration of politics with the rest of the world and economic globalization, the global trades across the globe.
Looking back at source one we can see how the speaker is against the secularism law.
In the source we see a Muslim woman wearing a hijab.
A caption above her states that she teaches at the school of "L'ecole Du Petit Bebe Jesus" at the corner of "Ave.
Cardinal Leger and Rue Vierge Marie Du Saint Sacrement In Notre Dame Des Monts".
The woman goes on and says "And I'm the one breaking the secularism Law?".
First, we must understand that the secularism law restricts religious symbols from being shown in public, it was implemented by the secular state of Quebec to prevent cultural assimilation.
The speaker criticizes that the state of Quebec is hypocritical in the sense that they prevent people within their state from showing religious symbols yet they go against their laws and build a catholic school easily seen by the public eye.
Not only does the speaker emphasize the discrimination Quebec has on religious people but they highlight how Quebec has become increasingly secular; most likely a result from Quebec wanting to maintain their language and culture.
It is evident that the speaker would be in support of social globalization as their viewpoint states for freedom to practice their religion.
However, secular laws in Quebec prevent them from practicing their religion in public.
One event which would go against the speaker's stance would be the ban of burkinis in Quebec.
A burkini is a wetsuit that has a burka incorporated into its design.
It was invented to support the freedom of religion among women.
However, as soon as people began wearing it on public beaches, Quebec banned the burkini as it contradicted their law on the ban of face covering.
As a result, it sparked a backlash against Quebec worldwide as people around the world heard about the news.
As said previously, the speaker would be against the ban of burkinis as it's against the speaker's support for reasonable accommodation.
The speaker is disdain towards communities that do not support the incorporation and interaction between multiple cultures or religions.
In the second source, section 15 of the Canadian Charter of Rights and Freedoms is shown.
It states that every individual has equal protection under the law no matter the race, colour, ethnic origin, sex, mental or physical disability.
In addition, it also states for the convention on the rights of persons with disabilities.
The source is centered around the ideology of a society where you are not discriminated against because of your looks, gender, mental or physical disabilities.
Rather it looks towards a community where people with disabilities are given special rights to make their lives easier to give everybody an equal chance to strive for a bright future.
The source would support the ideas for reasonable accommodation among those with other cultures or languages immigrating to Canada as a result of social globalization.
As the diversity in Canada increases, the more equality rights are enforced to prevent discrimination among certain groups of people.
The source would agree that equality rights have benefited the political system of Canada affecting political globalization.
It has prevented the discrimination of women in the political system of Canada as a result of enforcing stronger rights among women.
One instance of the equality rights being enforced would be when Air Canada accommodated a person by allowing their support horse on the flight.
Because the horse was small, it was ruled as reasonable accommodation.
The source is fixed on the ideologies of a society that is multiethnic and multicultural which in the end would lead to a unique collective identity.
Looking at both sources, they raise the problems that globalization has on Canada and the lengths Canada will go to in order to reasonably accommodate immigrants of diverse cultures and religions.
Together by looking past the appearances of others we are able to unify Canada into a unique diverse society.
In the film American Animals, scenes illustrated suggest that peoples strong desires to break the perpetual cycle of life often leads to motivation to jump past unstoppable forces in life.
Inspiration to do more in their life usually leads to determination to take lead in their journeys through However, if their fantasy of an ideal life causes them to put aside the harsh reality of the real world, they begin to underestimate how tough a goal may be to grasp.
When an individual's want for self fulfillment shadows over the true perception of the world, the thoughts that swell within their mind misleads them to act impulsively or immaturely, causing the confrontation with reality.
As individuals continue to live repetitive lifestyles, there're always moments which question where they want to go in life.
These moments which help cause change in one's reality may also lead to discouragement.
When Spencer attended his college entrance interview, he was asked, "What do you hope to express with your work?" and "Who are you as an artist?", his hesitation and his aura of fear when asked these questions presents the uncertainty he feels in his life.
It symbolizes how lost he is in the labyrinth of life.
Confused on what he should do next, whether it be to take a chance and risk something or to continue on the unadventurous shielded path he is currently travelling.
Moments like these act as the catalyst which fuels Spencer with the will to make change in his life whether or not these methods may end up harming others along the way.
During the sudden province wide quarantine in Alberta, I too have experienced first hand the feelings of worthlessness in my life.
Everyday during the quarantine I would drag myself out of bed, stare blankly at a screen, mindlessly scroll through youtube videos, and then go to bed, knowing the same cycle would continue.
It was only until 4 months into quarantine I asked myself "What do you want to do with your life?", I realized I wanted a change in life rather than living a perpetual cycle which I seemingly believed was the only way to live.
I didn't need to do something that would change the world, but rather learn a hobby which would seem worthwhile to me, such as learning the piano which is what I did.
However, these moments of uncertainty in your life may be dangerous if you choose to deal with it in a reckless way by taking the wrong step in the wrong direction.
With Warren, it's revealed that he was pushed to pursue football, something he didn't seem to want to do.
He has an adventurous personality yet he lives a boring lifestyle.
When Spencer first reveals to Warren that there are expensive books being guarded by an old lady, Warren firmly begins to believe that by stealing those books, they could break the repetitive lifestyles they are pressured to conform to by society.
Here is the first time the overarching theme of perceived realities are shown.
As dreams of a perfect reality builds up in the mind of Warren, he somewhat easily convinces Spencer to help him with his art heist which shows just how impulsive and immature the duos really are.
Similar to Spencer, when Warren asked Eric to join their art heist he agreed quite quickly as well in one final attempt to save their friendship.
There have been moments in my life where I seriously consider doing something stupid because of peer presure by my friends.
Like Eric, I too have felt the need to do what my friends ask me to do in an attempt to not diminish our bonds.
One time I was asked to do a bike jump off a sketchy ramp.
Unlike Eric of Spencer, I denied as I believed it would lead to my downfall.
So one of my friends did the jump instead and ended up breaking their collar bone.
Slowly, fantasies of a perfect life is spread to Spencer, Eric and Chas as he is finally persuaded to join their plan.
They begin to plan out their heist with blueprints and a model of the library which just shows how disconnected they are from the real world.
Currently, the group is unable to tell the difference between a fake reality, and a real reality.
When they continue with their robbery, factors such as the layout of the library's basement is left out of their faulty plan.
The example above sheds lights on the profound idea of how misleading one's desire can be.
I remember during grade ten, I would always finish my assignments last minutes as things always seemed to work out in junior high.
Soon, this idea of "things always working out" was locked into my mindset when I started grade ten.
As I continued through grade 10, I realized that my fantasy of how easy highschool may begin to fade.
Suddenly, as I received a barrage of poor grades, I reconnected with reality and began to put myself in check to stop my procrastination.
There is a fine line between what we think we believe will happen, and what will actually happen, things don't always work out as they should.
If an individual is incapable of telling the difference between their dreams and the harsh truth of life, they will lead a fairly disappointing life unable to make the changes they need in order to succeed.
The film's theme of discrepancy between a dreamt up reality and a real reality is what fuels the immense tension felt throughout the film.
Individuals throughout the world constantly mix these two realities.
And when their minds plus their uncontrollable thoughts which it produces continue to take lead in their lives and help them obtain what they truly want, impulsive actions may be taken which could negatively alter their future.
Like the corpus callosum in the brain, game development is the bridge between my creative and logical sides.
My passion for gaming sparked a burning interest towards computational programming and game design, where I could create a truly limitless world.
I learned my first block-based programming language, Scratch, in 7th Grade, where I grasped the fundamentals of coding and game design through the implementation of logic statements.
Despite my inexperience, the elation and gratification from completing a project only heightened my passion for programming, enrolling in advanced computer science and mathematics courses as I entered high school to further expand and refine my foundational skills.
I tempered my skills in intensive coursework of object-oriented programming, dynamic data structures, and algorithm development and learned to master programming languages like Java and JavaScript through completing independent course projects.
However, the scholastic curriculum wasn't enough to satisfy my curiosity and drive to improve my craft, and I pursued independent resources and online lectures to deepen my understanding of programming techniques, where I later extended my work to develop my own video games.
To apply the concepts I had mastered, I created my first side-scrolling game, 'Vegans vs Zombies,' with a custom motion-tracking and avoidance algorithm in JavaScript.
My artistic side flourished as I designed and created my own animated sprites, environments, and game assets using GIMP and Photoshop.
I moved on to create a custom 2D physics engine to simulate gravity and friction, as well as incorporate event-triggered sound design to my second Java project, UnderCube.
Freedom is at the touch of one's fingertips, as computational programming unlocks the limitations of humankind.
At the University of Texas, I'm eager to help, lead, discover and develop the machines and technologies that break the boundaries of what is possible.